Put sources, who you worked with, ChatGPT credits, etc. See course policies on academic integrity.

CHATGPT - Assisted in developing the two array that was meant to store the different passwords that were inputed. My prompt for this task was the following: How would I be able to store multiple character string inputs from an fgets function and store them seperately from each other? For this prompt, I was informed about 2-d arrays and how I could enumerate through them and place each of the values of the user inputs for each row of the 2d array. From this information, I constructed a 2d array that was able to hold a defined size of total number of passwords by total length of passwords. In addition to this, I was able to understand how to manually navigate through each of these values and check their hashes and compare them to the given_hash value. This was a significant part of understanding how to store the values, as I previously thought that they were stored in the command arguments (argv[i]), however, with this search I noticed that they were infact user inputs. Using the information that I recieved, I was able to understand how we could check multiple strings that were not just single inputs. 

Although I used CHATGPT to help me with understanding this concept, most of the code was developed by myself as I had learned similar concepts from a previous computer science course. However, there were some parts of the code that I found redudant and utilized CHATGPT to refine. Most of these prompts followed the guidelines of: This code seems repetitive, how would I adjust it to ensure that I have the most concise code? From the results that I got from CHATGPT, I would make adjustments to my code through their reccomendations as long as it was something that I had learned before or during class. If I did not understand the concept, I would research it and replicate it before using it.
