Discussion of how you used LLMs/AI tools, who you collaborated with here

CHATGPT: I had some trouble understanding storing the values into the Struct and had some issues implementing strstr and strchr. I utilzied CHATGPT to help my develop some sample code to implement these functions and codes. For the struct, I gave it a sample of the Struct layout and some sample values to store within the Struct. From here, it introduced me to the assignement pointer "->" for storing the values. In addition, it helped me incorporate some malloc techniques when storing the values with an unknown size (which was helpful in the storage of these values, rather than calculating them.) On the other hand, when I tried to utilize the 'man strstr' and 'man strchr' commands to learn more about the fucntions, there were no real "example" implementations and I wanted a concrete example to understand this in the context of our problem. So, I asked CHATGPT to utilize strstr and strchr for certain substrings and characters and asked it to output the values. From here, I was introduced to how the functions returned values and what they returned (strstr returned a pointer to the first instance starting at the first char and strchr did the same thing, but only to the first instance of a char.)

In addition to this, I utilized CHATGPT to assist in understanding the procedure for debugging the program. Throughout my implementation, I had issues with segmentation faults and how to resolve them. Using CHATGPT, I would ask it about certain parts about my code and ask about possible faults within my code that may have lead to segmentation faults. Moreover, it taught me to print out each of my outputs and utilize the GDB debugger to manually go through the outputs of my program. Aside from this, I also asked CHATGPT about how to format the strings for the write statements. I had some knowledge in formatted print statments, however, they were in a different langauge. So, I asked GPT to explain to me how to implement these. In addition, I wanted some samples of how to do formatted printing, especially as outputs and the snprintf statements. I asked it to printout out some samples with right align and total characters within a string. This assisted in my implementation for the react and post commands. 
